# Matrix GPT
## Introduction
In this project we Implement a GPT model following the research paper "Transformers are all you need" and Andrej Karpathy’s “Let’s Build GPT” series on Youtube. Our source text is the script of the movies "The Matrix" and "The Matrix Reloaded". We train the model on this text and then generate new text based on the trained model.
## Example Output
Without sufficient resources we will not get perfect results. But here is an example of the output generated by the model trained on a free google colab GPU.

" Thois, Thrinity strom-theacts and groub. I gassice want the
to gens to we sswaing, betare
hes of jomiugh as endlices.
(CONPOORPUED) 4/98 MACK
321 CONTINUED: 1455
The fick to come, surrken his
thert deas, jondy, there On'vere
ove snot itelly Buturn
to likiRON- whre hos ands dis.
A the ping, cand endilionn of out the
dastere.
NEO
No!
What goinst of dreabland in dres it
oon winds e144
THe know, this bile geand turs coped dighting
dan oper gring i171 INT. Flicks
witn himme, fullstidgeting a stroom thin't
fitiels to
the os...
TRINITY
Neo poter. I in wat's nodes end now.
TROMINIT98 CUNG and spang hat en
the ustarensions.
TANK
Morpheus frmase in wor't know, figent the find, sunded.
NEO
Theing. CONTIINUED: (27.
MORPHEUNT 47
AGENT SPEUS 56
I!
MORPHEUS
Dabs. Breankes, the?
Tha. MORPHEUM
Neo, and Tat ourd, han't stairn the beet can dood und you
doo
turne deathers, MarreV.OM I've warnay
booing to eleverity beht oniting
whe ed of phenif coltes reckniog.
(CONTINUED) 57 -MORPHEUS
Whanks a the reame, his.
Neo sout and to intay.
151 INT. ROONUED, 12- BROING and the sitn exegemmagrunget you dor.
Trinity wha
gleale, int entere oses now. Witilly.
He shis insilowt. I's gut movers as end and exetians the froginss isto his gaing a dirnets the roud op ilins in that or
aers hais his-s him a looRght I
to on.
TRINITY
What we t seaves.
MORPH
Ather,
casn hus of thack?
TRINITY (CONTITEDJON -- D: 10ACK
Thany tall and?
Neo'm stiond oven coard then.
Gent wond to he dores frodes pac asked
oor it it whering sidar watteling, in thre
feed and the hem.
TPINNITY
The rusll. I Morpheused. Sat
brin sud, the rimigh, and there blie
snatceall are.
(CONTINUED: 56.
(CONTINUED: 130
29'. CONTINUED: (2) 931.
The now. It gannive do scexall seht. Don't
you bean and the facap colrondeed, by an inds an.
Thinis is the grinet of the lationto
ther's thaing in tullectly sap to?
MONUED) 124 GHES MATRINFITY- (V.)
Morpide? Neo.
What hand of tare betaff ch saind. It
chan to on a lave gribs in buut I dowpentll, ching,
as wall, ""

We can see that the model has a knowledge of the characters and the setting of the movie. It generates text that is similar to the script of the movie. The model is not perfect and the text generated is not coherent. But it is a good start and with more training and resources, we can get better results.
